Index Calculation

Transparency Invest has contracted with Solactive AG to maintain the Index rules and methodology, calculate the Index and disseminate information about the Index including the performance shown herein. Solactive does not manage actual assets. The Index is unmanaged, which means that the companies included in the Index are selected automatically according to a proprietary algorithm of Transparency Invest that serves as the basis of the Index methodology. The Index is equal-weighted, which means that the 100 companies included in the Index each represents approximately 1% of the Index – with variations due to market performance. Solactive rebalances the Index back to a 1% weight for each index constituent at the end of every quarter/3 months using the Index methodology explained herein. The Index and the performance shown herein to do not reflect the payment of any sales charges or fees that an investor may pay to purchase the securities underlying the Index or the securities of any investment funds that seek to track the performance of the Index. The imposition of such fees and charges would cause actual and back-tested performance of the securities/fund to be lower than the Index performance shown. Additional details regarding the calculation of the Index are available by contacting Solactive AG.

Company

Transparency Invest is a technology-based organization with a transformative purpose to positively impact one billion lives. We are a leader in transparency research, financial indexes and educational services, with a mission to accelerate the world’s adoption of transparency. We relentlessly pursue solutions to solve the world’s biggest problems through transparency. Transparency Changes Everything®.

Back-Tested Performance

The Transparency Index (“the Index”) commenced on June 16th, 2021 following the market close. All information presented prior to this date is backtested. Back-tested performance is hypothetical performance, not actual performance. Back-tested performance is prepared by retrospectively applying the Index methodology to historical information with the benefit of hindsight. Back-tested performance, therefore, does not reflect the results of actual trading. Back-tested, as well as actual performance, are not indicative of future results. The back-tested performance uses the same methodology that was in effect when the Index officially launched on June 16th, 2021. The back-tested performance shown in this presentation is unaudited and does not reflect the investment of dividends or other earnings. The Index does not reflect the reinvestment of dividends.

Using an archive back test, the number of transparent companies varied each year beginning in 2016. As such, the monthly returns were calculated for the number of transparent companies available in each year until June 30, 2021. Beginning on July 1, 2021, the monthly returns from the live index were included as part of annual return calculation. As a result of the archive backtest, the number of companies available at the beginning of each year was: 43 companies – 2016, 46 companies –2017, 51 companies – 2018, 64 companies – 2019 , 83 companies – 2020, 100 companies – 2021.

The index methodology does not overweight or underweight any particular industry, sector or geography. All KPIs are equally weighted. Company selection into the index is based on the level of organizational transparency as quantified by the 6 KPIs. Examples of reasons why companies did not make the index include: 1. KPI score not greater than 60% 2. Market cap less than $1 billion on a 30-day moving average basis 3. No company website 4. In an excluded industry 4. Not listed on a U.S stock exchange and 5. Not yet IPOed or IPOed less than 40 days.
